README.md, before:

# OffensEval 2020


A FAQ is available to help you with the most frequent questions: https://sites.google.com/site/offensevalsharedtask/faq

More information about evaluation will be sent via e-mail in due time.

## Instructions

`python >= 3.6` and `pipenv` are needed

0. Install requirements

```
pipenv shell
pipenv sync
```

1. Get data

```
./bin/get_data.sh
./bin/get_translations.sh
```

Now, in `data/<LANGUAGE>` you will have the datasets for each language.

2. Install `jupyter` extension for `ipywidgets`

```
jupyter nbextension enable --py widgetsnbextension
jupyter labextension install @jupyter-widgets/jupyterlab-manager
```

3. Generate samples and dev datasets

```
python bin/generate_samples.py --sample_frac 0.01
python bin/split_datasets.py --frac 0.2
```

4. Train BERT

Naming convention:

`bert_model.lang.pt`

`bert_model` can be `[bert_uncased, bert_cased]`

To train a model for a specific language, just run

```
python bin/train_bert.py <bert_model> models/bert_cased.en.pt --lang <language> --epochs <epochs>
```

For instance, to train Danish model using cased BERT

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.da.pt --lang danish --epochs 5
```

Multilanguage train can be performed in the following way. Dev set is taken from the first language given

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.da+en.pt --lang [danish,olid] --epochs 10 --lr 2
```

If you want to manually set the training, dev and test sets, you can use:

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.en.pt \
--train_path data/English/task_a_distant.sample.tsv \
--dev_path data/olid/olid-training-v1.0.tsv \
--test_path data/olid/test_a.tsv \
--epochs <epochs>
```

To test everything is working ok (using a micro dataset) run

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_test.en.pt \
--train_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv \
--dev_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv \
--test_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv
```


### Tests

We use `pytest` for our tests. Just run

```
pytest tests/
```

### Data

Thanks for registering for OffensEval 2020!

All training sets are available. Please visit the following URLs.

- Arabic, Danish, Greek, and Turkish: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qfootyofgiywjjl/AABJefEt7p3wEOH5ohlG3t9ta?dl=0

- English: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-Jn13sc3q-WUp3TZWegv9Yf6UNlICtpu?usp=sharing

Password: sem2020-t12

A FAQ is available to help you with the most frequent questions: https://sites.google.com/site/offensevalsharedtask/faq

More information about evaluation will be sent via e-mail in due time.

Commit message:

Add script to generate submissions

README.md, after:

# OffensEval 2020


A FAQ is available to help you with the most frequent questions: https://sites.google.com/site/offensevalsharedtask/faq

More information about evaluation will be sent via e-mail in due time.

## Instructions

`python >= 3.6` and `pipenv` are needed

0. Install requirements

```
pipenv shell
pipenv sync
```

1. Get data

```
./bin/get_data.sh
./bin/get_translations.sh
```

Now, in `data/<LANGUAGE>` you will have the datasets for each language.

2. Install `jupyter` extension for `ipywidgets`

```
jupyter nbextension enable --py widgetsnbextension
jupyter labextension install @jupyter-widgets/jupyterlab-manager
```

3. Generate samples and dev datasets

```
python bin/generate_samples.py --sample_frac 0.01
python bin/split_datasets.py --frac 0.2
```

4. Train BERT

Naming convention:

`bert_model.lang.pt`

`bert_model` can be `[bert_uncased, bert_cased]`

To train a model for a specific language, just run

```
python bin/train_bert.py <bert_model> models/bert_cased.en.pt --lang <language> --epochs <epochs>
```

For instance, to train Danish model using cased BERT

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.da.pt --lang danish --epochs 5
```

Multilanguage train can be performed in the following way. Dev set is taken from the first language given

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.da+en.pt --lang [danish,olid] --epochs 10 --lr 2
```

If you want to manually set the training, dev and test sets, you can use:

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_cased.en.pt \
--train_path data/English/task_a_distant.sample.tsv \
--dev_path data/olid/olid-training-v1.0.tsv \
--test_path data/olid/test_a.tsv \
--epochs <epochs>
```

To test everything is working ok (using a micro dataset) run

```
python bin/train_bert.py bert_cased models/bert_test.en.pt \
--train_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv \
--dev_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv \
--test_path data/English/task_a_distant.xsmall.tsv
```

### Generate submissions

Run this command. This automatically generates a zip file in the same place of the output file

```
python bin/generate_submission.py <model> <test file> <output>
```

For instance

```
python bin/generate_submission.py models/bert_cased.all.pt data/Turkish/test.tsv submissions/Turkish/bert_cased.all.turkish.csv  
```

### Tests

We use `pytest` for our tests. Just run

```
pytest tests/
```

### Data

Thanks for registering for OffensEval 2020!

All training sets are available. Please visit the following URLs.

- Arabic, Danish, Greek, and Turkish: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qfootyofgiywjjl/AABJefEt7p3wEOH5ohlG3t9ta?dl=0

- English: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-Jn13sc3q-WUp3TZWegv9Yf6UNlICtpu?usp=sharing

Password: sem2020-t12

A FAQ is available to help you with the most frequent questions: https://sites.google.com/site/offensevalsharedtask/faq

More information about evaluation will be sent via e-mail in due time.
